README.md, before:

# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

## Polish version of README:

#### Trenujesz na siłowni i potrzebujesz uporządkować swój plan treningowy?  
#### Chcesz mieć wszystkie potrzebne informacje o ćwiczeniach, zasadach progresji itd w jednym miejscu?  

#### A może jesteś trenerem personalnym, rozpisujesz plany treningowe dla swoich podopiecznych i chciałbyś mieć do tego wygodne narzędzie?

#### Jeśli odpowiedź na chociaż jedno z tych pytań brzmi "tak", to mam dla Ciebie idealne rozwiązanie! Przedstawiam Ci **"Gym Training Planner"** ❤️🤩

**Gym Training Planner** to aplikacja do zarządzania planem treningowym.  
Składa się z następujących części i możliwości:

➕ dodawanie  
️✖ usuwanie  
✔ edytowanie

##### Części planu:
➕
️✖
✔

##### Ćwiczenia:
️➕
️✖
✔

##### Zasady progresji:
➕
️✖
✔

##### Szczegóły planu treningowego:
✔

#
# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

#### Kliknij w screen poniżej aby przejść do filmu, który przedstawia działanie aplikacji. ⬇️⬇️⬇️

[![Watch the video](/public/assets/gym-training-planner-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/71d6PY5Z51o)

## Zastosowane technologie:

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=react&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=cyan)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue)
![node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=green)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=blue)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=red)
![sql](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=mysql&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=orange)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=red)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)

## Co mogę poprawić w tym projekcie? 🤔
* dodać więcej testów
* uporządkować style
* dodać walidację adresu URL przy dodawaniu
* dodać sanitize na frontendzie
* dodać więcej obsługi błędów

## Pomysły na rozbudowanie aplikacji 📈
* możliwość dodawania większej ilości planów treningowych
* tryb admina (trenera) i tryb użytkownika (podopiecznego)
* dodanie kalendarza do planowania treningów w dane dni oraz zaznaczania początku i końca planu treningowego

## Fun fact 🤡

Aby mieć czas na tworzenie tego projektu, zrezygnowałam z chodzenia na siłownię 👌

## Skontaktuj się ze mną

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linked%20in-%23404d59.svg?logo=linkedin&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue" alt="linked in" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katarzyna-kajzer/)

#
#
#

# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

## English version of README:

#### Do you train at the gym and need to organize your training plan?  
#### Do you want to have all the information you need about exercises, rules of progression, etc. in one place?

#### Or maybe you are a personal trainer, you write training plans for your proteges and would like to have a convenient tool for that?

#### If the answer to at least one of these questions is "yes", then I have the perfect solution for you! I present to you **"Gym Training Planner"** ❤️🤩

**Gym Training Planner** is an application to manage your training plan.  
It consists of the following parts and capabilities:

➕ addition  
️✖ removal  
✔ editing  

Parts of plan:
➕
️✖
✔ 

Exercises:
️➕
️✖
✔

Progression rules:
➕
️✖
✔

Training plan details:
✔

#

#### Click on the screen below to go to the video that shows how the application works. ⬇️⬇️⬇️

[![Watch the video](/public/assets/gym-training-planner-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/71d6PY5Z51o)

## Technologies used

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=react&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=cyan)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue)
![node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=green)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=blue)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=red)
![sql](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=mysql&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=orange)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=red)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)

## What can I improve in this project? 🤔
* add more tests
* organize styles
* *add url validation on add
* add sanitize on frontend
* add more error handling

## Ideas for extending the application 📈
* the ability to add more training plans
* admin (trainer) and user (protege) mode
* adding a calendar for planning training on given days and marking the beginning and end of the training plan

## Fun fact 🤡

In order to have time to create this project, I gave up the gym 👌

## How to reach me

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linked%20in-%23404d59.svg?logo=linkedin&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue" alt="linked in" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katarzyna-kajzer/)

Commit message:

Renamed the Logo component to "Go Back" - more appropriate. Replaced this component in some places to component Link from "react-router-dom" because of ability to add there other components. Updated README

README.md, after:

# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

## Polish version of README:

#### Trenujesz na siłowni i potrzebujesz uporządkować swój plan treningowy?  
#### Chcesz mieć wszystkie potrzebne informacje o ćwiczeniach, zasadach progresji itd w jednym miejscu?  

#### A może jesteś trenerem personalnym, rozpisujesz plany treningowe dla swoich podopiecznych i chciałbyś mieć do tego wygodne narzędzie?

#### Jeśli odpowiedź na chociaż jedno z tych pytań brzmi "tak", to mam dla Ciebie idealne rozwiązanie! Przedstawiam Ci **"Gym Training Planner"** ❤️🤩

**Gym Training Planner** to aplikacja do zarządzania planem treningowym.  
Składa się z następujących części i możliwości:

➕ dodawanie  
️✖ usuwanie  
✔ edytowanie

##### Części planu:
➕
️✖
✔

##### Ćwiczenia:
️➕
️✖
✔

##### Zasady progresji:
➕
️✖
✔

##### Szczegóły planu treningowego:
✔

#
# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

#### Jest to projekt zaliczeniowy, który stworzyłam w ramach kursu programistycznego "MegaK".

#### Kliknij w screen poniżej aby przejść do filmu, który przedstawia działanie aplikacji. ⬇️⬇️⬇️

[![Watch the video](/public/assets/gym-training-planner-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/71d6PY5Z51o)

## Zastosowane technologie:

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=react&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=cyan)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue)
![node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=green)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=blue)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=red)
![sql](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=mysql&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=orange)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=red)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)

## Co mogę poprawić w tym projekcie? 🤔
#### *czego nie zdążyłam zrobić ze względu na deadline?
* dodać więcej testów
* uporządkować style
* dodać walidację adresu URL przy dodawaniu
* dodać sanitize na frontendzie
* dodać więcej obsługi błędów

## Pomysły na rozbudowanie aplikacji 📈
* możliwość dodawania większej ilości planów treningowych
* tryb admina (trenera) i tryb użytkownika (podopiecznego)
* dodanie kalendarza do planowania treningów w dane dni oraz zaznaczania początku i końca planu treningowego

## Fun fact 🤡

Aby mieć czas na tworzenie tego projektu, zrezygnowałam z chodzenia na siłownię 👌

## Skontaktuj się ze mną

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linked%20in-%23404d59.svg?logo=linkedin&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue" alt="linked in" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katarzyna-kajzer/)

#
#
#

# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

## English version of README:

#### Do you train at the gym and need to organize your training plan?  
#### Do you want to have all the information you need about exercises, rules of progression, etc. in one place?

#### Or maybe you are a personal trainer, you write training plans for your proteges and would like to have a convenient tool for that?

#### If the answer to at least one of these questions is "yes", then I have the perfect solution for you! I present to you **"Gym Training Planner"** ❤️🤩

**Gym Training Planner** is an application to manage your training plan.  
It consists of the following parts and capabilities:

➕ addition  
️✖ removal  
✔ editing  

Parts of plan:
➕
️✖
✔ 

Exercises:
️➕
️✖
✔

Progression rules:
➕
️✖
✔

Training plan details:
✔

#
# Gym Training Planner 🏋️‍♀️💪

#### This is a final project that I created as part of the "MegaK" programming course.

#### Click on the screen below to go to the video that shows how the application works. ⬇️⬇️⬇️

[![Watch the video](/public/assets/gym-training-planner-preview.png)](https://youtu.be/71d6PY5Z51o)

## Technologies used

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=react&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=cyan)
![typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue)
![node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=green)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=blue)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=red)
![sql](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql%20-%23404d59.svg?logo=mysql&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=orange)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=red)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)

## What can I improve in this project? 🤔
#### *what I didn't manage to do because of the deadline?
* add more tests
* organize styles
* *add url validation on add
* add sanitize on frontend
* add more error handling

## Ideas for extending the application 📈
* the ability to add more training plans
* admin (trainer) and user (protege) mode
* adding a calendar for planning training on given days and marking the beginning and end of the training plan

## Fun fact 🤡

In order to have time to create this project, I gave up the gym 👌

## How to reach me

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linked%20in-%23404d59.svg?logo=linkedin&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=blue" alt="linked in" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katarzyna-kajzer/)
